
[default]
save_search_field= Sg
tab_new= 
bookmark= 
buffers= 
cancel_download= ;D
clear_tab= 
only= 
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control [
entry_confirm= 
entry_history_back=Control p
entry_history_forward=Control n
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control k
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward= 
entry_word_back= 
entry_word_forward= 
complete_bookmarks= 
complete_history= 
complete_path= 
complete_searchengines= 
complete_userscript= 
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_session_cookie= CS
allow_cookie= CA
hints_clipboard= 
hints_primary= 
hints_download= ;d
download_set_execute= 
command_mode= :
execute_javascript= 
execute_userscript= 
find_backward_ic= g?
find_backward= ?
find_forward_ic= g/
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= 
focus_next= >
focus_tab= 
focus_prev= <
hints_editable= gi
hints= f
hints_tab= F
hints_win= gW
hints_images= 
hints_images_tab= 
hints_links= 
win_hist_back= 
tab_hist_back= 
history_back=Control o
win_hist_forward= 
tab_hist_forward= 
history_forward=Control i
insert_mode= i
show_keys= 
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= 
lock_uri= 
tab_move_right= 
tab_move_left= 
tab_move= 
normal_mode=Control [
open_editor=Control i
quickmark= go
tab_quickmark= gn
win_quickmark= 
start_page= 
web_inspector= 
paste= gp
tab_paste= gP
win_paste= 
paste_primary= 
win_paste_primary= 
tab_paste_primary= 
print= 
protect= 
quit= ZQ
hints_rapid_win= 
hints_rapid= 
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_scripts=
reload_userscripts= 
save= 
save_session= 
save_named_session= 
save_quickmark= Sq
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
local_set= 
set= 
set_key= 
set_local_setting= 
set_setting= 
show_settings= 
show_bookmarks= `b
show_downloads= `d
show_quickmarks= `q
show_history= `h
stop_loading=Control c
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_host= ss
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri= 
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= 
fullscreen= 
toggle_hidden_files= 
toggle_plugins_host= 
toggle_plugins_uri= 
presentation_mode= 
proxy= 
visible= 
toggle_bars= 
toggle_statusbar= gS
toggle_tabbar= gT
undo= u
view_source= 
dump= 
yank_title= 
yank_title_primary= 
yank= 
yank_primary= y
zoom= zz
zoom_in= zi
zoom_out= zo
bookmarks= 
hints_url= 
hints_url_tab= 
new_tab= 
new_win= 
open_url= O
open= o
tab_bookmarks= 
tabopen_url= T
tabopen= t
win_bookmarks= 
winopen_url= 
winopen= 
hints_background= gf
hints_images_background= 
hints_url_background= 
backopen_url= 
backopen= 
add_view=ga
bookmarks_nv=gB
bookmarks_nw=wB
remove_view=d
complete_commands=Control I
complete_current_history=Control C
decrease_master=gh
hint_mode_download=;d
focus_nth_view=T
hint_mode_editable=;e
hint_mode=f
hint_mode_nv=F
hint_mode_nw=wf
hint_mode_images=;i
hint_mode_images_nv=;I
hint_mode_links=;;
increase_master=gl
load_html_nv=
new_view=V
new_window=W
open_quickmark=b
open_quickmark_nv=B
open_quickmark_nw=wb
open_start_page=Control h
paste_nv=Pp
paste_nw=wp
paste_primary_nw=wP
paste_primary_nv=PP
pass_through=Control i
push_master=gp
scroll_percent=%
scripts=
spell_checking=
autoload_images=
autoresize_window=
toggle_bottomstack=tb
caret_browsing=
java_applets=
toggle_maximized=gm
plugins=
private_browsing=
zoom_normal=z=
hint_mode_url=;o
hint_mode_url_nv=;O
Open=go
Open_nv=gO
open_nv=O
Open_nw=wO
open_nw=wo
sanitize= 
download= gd
eval= 
group_show= as
group_tag= am
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
group_toggle= at
